Africa Wild began as an exploration through the most remote and rawly beautiful parts of 
Botswana. Finding lodge locations in which guests could have real Safari encounters without 
the trappings of luxury.

As the company developed, the idea to create new ways of exploring the bush evolved. For 
example, one of our Africa Wild lodges, Kadizora Camp, is the only place in the Delta to host
 hot air balloon Safaris.

Guests drift up and away across the Okavango flood plains, watching the sunrise and animals 
as they move across the plains. We also aim to provide guests with the opportunity to Safari 
year-round; by mokoro, 4×4 game drives and by foot on bush walks.

Equally important to Africa Wild is creating restful and comfortable places with great 
service for guests to come back to. A ‘bush home’ where you can meet our friendly and locally 
trained staff and share stories around the camp fire.



---------------------------------------------------------------------

www.botswanafarms.com will also offer the opportunity to 15 (FIFTEEN) Upmarket Commercial 
Lodges and or  Safari Operations, located in and to Botswana to list and advertise their 
operations with us on a first come first listed basis, with an annual fee applicable.

We offer our real estate customers a comprehensive brokerage service in marketing and sales
 in the farming and eco-tourism industry with an added bonus of a farm management and 
development support. We make it easier for all our buyers and sellers, foreign and local, 
to establish their dream farm or lodge or sell their properties at market related prices. 
Farms for sale are located in Botswana’s Tuli areas, Hainaveld, Kalahari and Okavango Delta. 
Up to 90 000ha (222 395 acres) plus – nothing too big to handle. Our Botswana local 
cooperative agents and attorneys are up to date with the current laws and procedures of the 
Republic of Botswana, the most stable country in Africa.

Should you have a conservation project in mind, we combine separate farm properties to suit 
your needs with our cooperative agents and attorneys in Botswana to tailor make your specific 
ranch or project to suit your requirements. We are passionate about Africa’s wildlife as 
wildlife photographers and game ranchers ourselves backed by years of experience and 
professional application.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

River View Lodge is a private lodge situated on the banks of the beautiful Chobe River in the 
Kasane region of Botswana.

With ten tastefully appointed rooms and chalets, a private home and charming public spaces 
set amongst beautifully manicured gardens, River View Lodge is an oasis of tranquility and 
the perfect location for guests to relax and unwind after exploring the iconic surroundings 
of Chobe.

Offering personalised service to each of our guests, we are committed to ensuring you have a 
truly memorable stay with us.

We offer various board bases, including Bed & Breakfast, Full Board and Fully Inclusive.  
Bed & Breakfast can be booked directly online by clicking here, or alternatively should you 
be interested in booking one of our packages please contact us

=============================================================================

A truly unforgettable experience awaits you at the luxurious Mahikeng Lodge. Situated only 55 
minutes from Four ways ‘The Place of the Rock’ is an intimate hideaway nestled in the hills 
of the Magalies Meander. With only four exclusive lodges, Mahikeng Lodge promises a 
comfortable, private and relaxing stay. Mahikeng, with its thick bushveld, open land and 
valleys, combines the Lowveld, Highveld and Bushveld experience all in one exquisite lodge. It is a great base from which to explore the Magalies Meander and return to for an evening braai in the peaceful settings of the bush.

Mahikeng is home to a wide variety of game, an abundance of bird life that includes vultures, eagles, Secretary birds and many more. Other species as well as our two new family members, Billy and Bonnie (baby rhinos). With the undivided attention of a full time and extremely knowledgeable game ranger you'll definitely discover some interesting information and facts about Mahikeng and its wildlife. As part of our game drive you will also get up close to Billy and Bonnie and enjoy the unique experience of touching these beautiful animals. Billy was brought to the lodge at just six months old, after his mother was poached for her horn. Bonnie's mom died of natural causes. Bonnie is Billy's new companion and together they will be introduced back into their natural environment.

After a fascinating morning game drive you can spend the day relaxing around the swimming pool or cycling through the expansive farm while African wild life laze in the shade of the Acacia trees only meters away from you. The magnificent kloofs and sheer rock faces that surround Mahikeng Lodge are best explored on foot or horseback while the lookout points boast magnificent sights of the expansive land that lies before you. The picturesque viewing deck, perched on the highest point of the farm, offers a breathtaking panoramic view of the entire lodge and beyond into the valley of the Magalies Meander.

Watch the sun paint the sky as the baboons on the nearby cliff bid farewell to the day. Sip on sundowners or get down on one knee for a romantic marriage proposal. Wake up and watch the sun rise over the magnificent Magalies Meander and then get back to nature by taking a rejuvenating outdoor shower. Spend the morning getting rid of the city stress with a full body massage in the tranquil surroundings of the bush or on your own private balcony. The four lodges are self-catering however a caterer can be arranged for some or all meals if you so wish. Given enough notice, we can cater for just about any special request to ensure that you feel at home in the African bush. Mahikeng Lodge is truly the place to be, when you just need to be.